well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
pick and the pendulum
we're going back to paulding county
because there's been another development
the uh the schools are going to be
closed for a few days
don't know exactly how many just yet
but in the meantime they'll be doing
stuff via distance learning which
suggests to me that they
already had that capability set up which
is kind of interesting
we don't know exactly how many days
they're going to be closed because
their current number is based on the
current number
of cases
that number is likely to rise
therefore the number of days that
they're going to have to kind of
shut down that's also going to rise
the account associated with the young
woman
who kind of got the ball rolling on this
tweeted something and it almost seemed
like she was beating herself up over the
outcome
because she basically said that this
isn't what she wanted
she wanted precautions namely masks
she wanted a mask mandate and it makes
sense i get it
and yeah a 15 year old was not capable
of forcing a government entity to behave
in a rational
manner millions of voters have not been
able to accomplish that feat
in decades it's what governments do
they swing back and forth typically
between inaction and overreaction
i don't really think this is an
overreaction
i think it's what's going to have to
happen
but at the end of the day i think she'll
probably get what she wants
because this community for whatever
reason really wants
their kids at school in person they feel
that's very important
they're not getting that right now
because there's a whole bunch of cases
there's a whole bunch of cases and the
school board had to act on it because
there were a whole bunch of media
eyes on that county they have a whole
bunch of cases because they're not
taking precautions
like at all apparently and the media
eyes were there
because of her pick because of her
documentation
she got that ball rolling now if that
community really wants their kids back
at school
they're going to have to take
precautions they don't have a choice
otherwise they're going to close down
every few days
or they're going to have a really big
section in the yearbook for memorials
those are kind of the options
so she's probably going to get what she
wants
in the long term it's going to take a
while to get there like any
fight worth having it's going to take a
minute
you know the advice i always give on
this channel is to
pick battles big enough to matter but
small enough to win
realistically she chose one that she
really shouldn't have won but she did
and i think the final outcome is going
to be what she wants but even if it's
not
even if it's not she needs to remember
that this break right now
with this school closed that is stopping
transmission and it's stopping the
transmission of the people who would
have caught it while
while the school was open at the end of
the day
her choice to act
when she had the means to act saved
lives
she's a hero there there's no
overstating this she
saved lives her actions
may not have given her the exact outcome
she wanted right now
but it saved lives
if governments behaved with common sense
none of this would have happened because
there would have been real leadership in
that community to begin with
before school ever went back there would
have been people wearing masks there
would have been people taking it
seriously setting up the precautions
needed to open the school safely
as safe as possible um if you've watched
this channel you'd
probably know what how i feel about that
but
this community that's what they want
they want those kids back at school in
person
they're going to have to take a lot of
precautions if they want that
there's no wishing this away
it's either take the precautions or the
school opens and closes and opens and
closes
and disrupts the parents lives
because i have a feeling that that may
really be the root cause here
in a lot of a lot of cases
i do not think she should be too hard on
herself she got
a county government in georgia
to take something seriously
that most of the country has been trying
to get
government entities like that one to
take seriously for months
with no success may not win
exactly the way she wanted to
but victory rarely looks the way you
think it's going to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night